---
layout: default
date: 2024-02-26
code-upd8: false
---

I had a microblog post and a few changes ready to commit and push yesterday morning but my PC bluescreened and died. The main hard drive is fried. I've been desperately trying to repair it but no matter what I change in the bios nothing can even detect the hard drive.

I didn't lose everything, I have a second hard drive where I store most stuff, but everything on the users folder and the desktop is gone. My most personal folder was on the desktop. It had all my class notes there, my Obsidian vault, all my drawings and other Photoshop files, my friends' D&D character sheets, my Discord bots, and everything I've ever coded.

I'm so extremely glad that I gathered my courage and published this site or else that'd be gone too. It might not seem like much but I really put a lot of heart and effort into it.

I'm taking the PC to a repairshop tomorrow after class. I don't have much hope for recovering the hard drive but at least they'll be able to replace it (it's installed behind the graphics card and I don't want to mess with it). The store where I ordered the PC closed so hopefully these new guys won't steal my RAM or something.

The hard drive very likely got fried after the many power outages I had over the last week. I'm buying an <abbr tabindex="0" title="Uninterruptable Power Supply">UPS</abbr> to keep my devices safe next time. I didn't find many reviews for these and I don't trust Amazon product reviews for shit so I might make a post for it after some months of use, idk.

At least I still have my laptop.

This is giving me migranies.