---
layout: default
title: 10/01/2024
code-upd8: false
---
We got [a Thracia 776 banner in FEH](https://youtu.be/Y_YYS8s8LxM?si=pBy-CpFSPNPFaKy9)... But at what cost...

Ok I'm really happy about this banner, actually. They're not characters I particularly like a lot, I would've loved to get Fergus or Dean or Selfina, but they're still characters I like and at this point I'll take any drop of Thracia content (or Jugdral content in general) and drink it like a dying man in the desert. Besides, Tina seems really fun to use and since she's such an obscure character and her gimmick fits her and only her it's very unlikely she'll get powercrept anytyme soon. I'll definitely be pulling for her and building Perne as well. ~~I need a break from building lance units bruh, sorry Arion~~

There's a problem, though.

*That man. The small hands man.*

***The Reinhardt.***

I'd be lying if I said that I didn't use or like Reinhardt back then, he was easy to obtain and destroyed almost everything, but his days have been over for like two years now or maybe more. The meme was created organically and died organically as he stopped being relevant in the meta. So why is an unrecruitable character, a miniboss from a single chapter in Thracia 776, once again getting more alts than the main character? A main character who is in TWO Fire Emblem games?

Actually, Reinhardt having more alts than Leif *again* isn't what I'm the most salty about. It's about hIM GETTING A FOURTH ALT WHILE ***FINN*** ONLY HAS HIS BASE ONE!! Finn, my love, my beloved, mi amor, cuchurrumín, you're too good for this world 💔