---
layout: default
date: 2024-01-22
code-upd8: true
---
Yesterday I spent the whole afternoon playing [Palworld](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1623730/Palworld/). Despite it being called "pokémon but with guns" it actually is "ARK but with pokémon". And I haven't even unlocked guns yet bruh

I haven't played much ARK before, and my experiences with it are basically playing normally for a few hours and then a massive dinosaur spawn camps us while destroying the base so we have to start anew somewhere else, so I'm really thankful that Pals are naturally passive so it can't happen to me here. Managing items and Pals is also a lot easier than in ARK in the good way. The plant monkeys are OP.

I unlocked a bunch of fast travel points but I couldn't beat the first tower. Dodging is pretty tight with some attacks. I feel like this is one of the games that becomes insanely better with multiplayer but none of my friends have a good enough PC to run the game 😔

Oh and I've seen a lot of people accuse this game of stealing from Pokémon and the designs being AI generated. I don't think they're AI since a good portion of the designs were shown in the reveal trailer back in 2021 when AI still sucked ass. Just look at [how Dall-e has advanced since 2022](https://www.reddit.com/r/dalle2/comments/16wbw3c/dalle_mini_vs_dalle_2_vs_dalle_3/). It's absurd how Pokémon fans have been accusing Palworld of being a ripoff as if the creature collecting and battling genre was copyrighted. And anything that does what Nintendon't, or rather Game-Freakdon't, and shows how lazy the new games are is a huge W imo.

For the code update I decided to move the theme toggler button to the navbar where it's easier to access, renamed the "links" page to "resources" (since that's what they really are even though it's a link compilation), and moved the page update info to the footer where it truly belongs. Nothing big really.